README.md, before:

# Reproduce

## BSBM named graph handling

To correctly write the data to the named graph, we have added the graph pattern to `queries/update/query1.txt` and `queries/update/query2.txt`:

    INSERT DATA {
    GRAPH <urn:bsbm> { %updateData% }
    }

    DELETE WHERE
    { GRAPH <urn:bsbm> { %Offer% ?p ?o } }

TODO: we should check if this is realy needed, or if we can correctly evaluate the URL parameter sent by the testdriver

## Setup data and monitor execution

We expect this repository to be directly checked out into a directory named `quit-eval`, which resides next to the `bsbmtools-0.2` directory.

Create BSBM datasets

    # Run inside the bsbmtools-0.2 directory
    ./generate -pc 1000 -ud -tc 1000 -ppt 1

Due to the configured python maximum recursion depth, which is exceeded in the RDFlib query parser, we have to post process the generated update dataset and truncated each of the products to 289 statements. (This clearly breaks rule 4 in section 2 of the benchmark rules provided with the BSBM 14 but appropriate for the proof of concept in our eyes and since the data generator doesn't provide the necessary options.)

    ./trim.py ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset_update.nt dataset_update_trimmed.nt
    mv dataset_update_trimmed.nt ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset_update.nt

Start the testruns

    ./run-everything.sh

# Verification of a quit repository after the bsbm execution

reset the repository to the initial commit

    git reset --hard init-graph

    sed "s/.$/<urn:bsbm> ./g" ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset.nt | sort -u > graph.nq
    ./verify.py <quit_repo>-log/run….log <quit_repo> graph.nq

# Verification of the Merge strategy

## Configure Quit Merge Strategy:

Add these lines to your `~/.gitconfig`

    [merge "quitmerge"]
    name = Quit – Quads in Git – merge driver
    driver = quit-merge %O %A %B

and these lines to a `.gitattributes` file in a git repository:

    *.nt    merge=quitmerge
    *.nq    merge=quitmerge

1. create an empty git repository
2. add a `.gitattributes` file which points to the configured *QuitMerge* strategy.
3. get the `dataset.nq` file from above
4. run `./merge.py`

    ./merge.py <the git repo> <path to graph.nq> [--seed <any seed>] [--result <the correct merge result>]

(If you want to verify the merge result your self, you can use the `--result` option to dump the expected result)

# Formate results for gnuplot

The scripts `./watch.py` and `./bsbm.py` help in this case.

Commit message:

Add commit id for store to readme

README.md, after:

# Reproduce

The quit store should be on commit 7aae256b2f8f41ae7ac4da363a8511aee43d9f24

## BSBM named graph handling

To correctly write the data to the named graph, we have added the graph pattern to `queries/update/query1.txt` and `queries/update/query2.txt`:

    INSERT DATA {
    GRAPH <urn:bsbm> { %updateData% }
    }

    DELETE WHERE
    { GRAPH <urn:bsbm> { %Offer% ?p ?o } }

TODO: we should check if this is realy needed, or if we can correctly evaluate the URL parameter sent by the testdriver

## Setup data and monitor execution

We expect this repository to be directly checked out into a directory named `quit-eval`, which resides next to the `bsbmtools-0.2` directory.

Create BSBM datasets

    # Run inside the bsbmtools-0.2 directory
    ./generate -pc 1000 -ud -tc 1000 -ppt 1

Due to the configured python maximum recursion depth, which is exceeded in the RDFlib query parser, we have to post process the generated update dataset and truncated each of the products to 289 statements. (This clearly breaks rule 4 in section 2 of the benchmark rules provided with the BSBM 14 but appropriate for the proof of concept in our eyes and since the data generator doesn't provide the necessary options.)

    ./trim.py ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset_update.nt dataset_update_trimmed.nt
    mv dataset_update_trimmed.nt ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset_update.nt

Start the testruns

    ./run-everything.sh

# Verification of a quit repository after the bsbm execution

reset the repository to the initial commit

    git reset --hard init-graph

    sed "s/.$/<urn:bsbm> ./g" ../bsbmtools-0.2/dataset.nt | sort -u > graph.nq
    ./verify.py <quit_repo>-log/run….log <quit_repo> graph.nq

# Verification of the Merge strategy

## Configure Quit Merge Strategy:

Add these lines to your `~/.gitconfig`

    [merge "quitmerge"]
    name = Quit – Quads in Git – merge driver
    driver = quit-merge %O %A %B

and these lines to a `.gitattributes` file in a git repository:

    *.nt    merge=quitmerge
    *.nq    merge=quitmerge

1. create an empty git repository
2. add a `.gitattributes` file which points to the configured *QuitMerge* strategy.
3. get the `dataset.nq` file from above
4. run `./merge.py`

    ./merge.py <the git repo> <path to graph.nq> [--seed <any seed>] [--result <the correct merge result>]

(If you want to verify the merge result your self, you can use the `--result` option to dump the expected result)

# Formate results for gnuplot

The scripts `./watch.py` and `./bsbm.py` help in this case.
